Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create a flat out project, and I'm going to create this with a project
in my text of the tree.
But you can create this with a project in any of the territory you so desire.
Okay, now to do this, I'm going to first need to say, see the text that is changed our tree.
Dexter Okay.
Okay.
Not so creative.
Float approaches is all we just have to say is flutter and create.
And then the name of the project we are going to call this zoom on this call app.
Okay.
Like you can see creates in projects.
Zoom underscore have.
This is going to take some time.
Okay.
Now all we can do is just come into this project we just created.
So we can see this CD, Zoom.
Zoom underscore app.
And we can open it on visa code.
I see code and dots.
I can just open this and then you have your code editor.
Okay.
But for me, I'm using the visa code.
Great.
Now those are the defaults, pops.
So it defaults fi's floats are created.
For us now.
All we can do is we can go to the league directory and mend the dots.
And over here you can simply run this.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.